you
laughing is this birthmark while we're
looking at the new Powermate Bluetooth
from Griffin highs now all you guys were
familiar with Powermate is actually a
control that lets you control several
functions on your device potentially for
max it works on Windows as well but this
one is a wireless version of that now it
does a bunch of things for example right
now I have it synced up with QuickTime
and I can play my video I can scrub
through it as you can see I can move
back if I want and depending on what
function you have you can have up to six
functions set up with the power mate
depending on various application so we
have a Powermate manager over here and I
will quickly show you what it does okay
so on this screen you can see the
barmaid manager now you can have it
synced up with a bunch of devices so let
me bring my mouse over here real quick
so you can see that we can go through
iTunes meal we can even go through
QuickTime Player Safari so if I'm in a
document for example if I can find it
let me just go here so if I'm in Spotify
for example I can use it to increase my
music or decrease my music if I don't
have it synched up with any device I can
use it two degrees or increase the
brightness of my Mac for example or to
mute or unmute the device you can see
that you can set up a bunch of functions
here depending on your requirement so
you can long press rotate left rotate
right it will it can be defined as per
your requirement so you can press and
rotate as well so you get a total of six
functions for each application and with
that you can control several functions
so for those who edit or use Photoshop
or use DJing equipment this will come in
really handy so you can control your
diet you can control your mixes your
crossfades
with an easy simple little controller
that will allow you to have a physical
dial versus going on the screen and then
rotating dials which are not so easy to
do with this you just go left or right
depending on your requirement so this
was a quick look at the new Powermate
Bluetooth from different this will be
available in this summer for $59.99 it's
not available now I would have loved to
get a bunch of these for us but right
now they are not on sale they'll go on
sale in the summer of 2014
stay tuned for more coverage from CES
2014 right here on I got
you